This is my first obsidian daily note (hopefully, one of many because God knows I can use a journaling habit {not only because it is cool but it will be so helpful in a lots of ways, especially when you have a (self) diagnosed ADHD brain lol}).

These are the things that are going on in my life right now, these are not inherently tasks or anything but I seriously need to organize my scattered thoughts and wishes so I can get my life in order. 

And for the record, I am winging this series of updates/essays. Will try to maintain the tone of formality here so I can get back in my habit of typing up my response emails properly, (instead of letting our LLM overlords do it for us {will go on a discourse about this as well later on})

## What do I mean by getting my life "in order"

I suppose if I have to describe it, I will say that if the things I care about the most are somehow in control (as in, I am aware of the state I am in regards to that thing and have a plan of action for it, which I am able to execute swimmingly).

- ### Academics (IIT)
Albeit my CPI is "decent" right now but I'd love to bump it up to its maximum potential. Not only for my Career but also for my mental health. Both of those things go hand in hand so I dont think so that i have to elaborate on this any further. But I guess my ideal would be to be able to manage it the way Manik (my batchmate) does. He dilligently attends all of the lectures, pays attention to them, does the practice homework properly. And overall follows the academic curriculum how it is intended to be (or atleatst 80% of it). And I believe that is enough. I hope I am able to maintain such rigor in my academic life from now on. No need to whiplash my way through it.

- ### Career/Money
Currently I am working with **data science and machine learning**. Deep learning and stuff. The current plan is to complete my basic profile and resume so I can start hunting down internships for myself. 

This area is a bit wonky as I am constantly scrambled about how to deal with it. There's always some competition, project or something because of which the process of setting up my online profile and resume keeps getting postponed. 

Let's see the "tasks" I have it for this up until now.

> Upload my SINDY project
> Make a new resume
> Setup "Well Found" profile and several other places

- ### Annayshi <3
God I love her sm. She's perfect. I dont wanna Jinx it (touching the wood as I type it). 

She's rooting for me, and I am rooting for her. So from my end I will try everything to not disappoint her. 

- ### Parents
I have overthought rega